So far, we've created this structure we needed, which is to have a splash screen, so if you run,
we've put this structure where we have the animation for a nice animation there.
And then after a few seconds, it goes to main screen, which is really, really good.
That's exactly what we want.
Now, before we move forward, I would like to restructure a few things here.
First of all, there were screens here.
I don't like to have all the screens inside of screens.
So because later, as you will see, each screen may need to have its own classes, such as view models
and so forth.
So it's always important to divide of subdivided the screens into their own packages.
What do you mean by that?
Is as follows I'm going to right click here and add a new package.
So let's say main, and then I'm going to take this main and add inside of main package there.
And make sure that we factor everything.
And then for our splash screen, I can do the same thing, right?
So that creates yet another package.
Called Splash that ad inside their.
Forget.
So it looks like we can change a few things inside of this.
I would go I was necessary, but that works fine.
OK.
That's what we have so far.
So far, we've put together our navigation, so we're able to put together the splash screen where animation
and after a few seconds user were able to then, of course, go to the main screen, although the main
screen doesn't look anything like What do you see there?
But we're going to work on that.
That's the beauty we're trying to put together.
The infrastructure is slowly so we can see the whole picture.
So that means now we are ready to look at putting together this infrastructure, which is the main screen
now.
There are a lot of things here, and so we will take our time.
Most importantly, we are going to go and look at the data because the idea is to pass data from our
weather API.
And then make sure that your dad is waiting for the user interface.
So that's very important because once we have the data, we know the data is is there for us to work
with, then it's much easier to go and you look at the user interface, which is to put the user interface
together.
OK, so that's what we're going to be doing.
We are going to go back to the back end and start focusing on retrieving data, using retrofit and other
libraries along the way, of course.
But that's what I'm going to be doing.